hello in all them welcome to 7:00 a.m.
departing Lomonaco we have been up nice
and early today because we are headed
back to for France to return the
fiercest it's a sad moment because even
though we haven't use it much in Monaco
office who had the vomit challenge which
was walls it was freakin awesome on the
drive down and it's gonna be super comfy
cruising now for 974 come as a trip bad
so yeah we're hoping for not too much
traffic
turn right on right away strong legs and
yes don't think it's good you know good
I'm so yeah we will just continue to
update you as per our journey on the way
down it may be a few hours
always Topsail here Justin
as you can now see I have taken em
controls of a Fiesta ST because
which you saw
so when I was contemplating fracking
if I should give like a hot second the
noontide velocity pool lake is awesome
great views but is my ears to us but you
don't
Wow the I could to stop you here we are
432 kilometers out forward front
the Fiesta sat-nav is saying we've got a
bow was there four hours to go just over
for us
here we'll have a second book just under
four hours so I'm in some way between
I'll always get always going to collapse
well Google
we're great ambassadors I hope you're
watching with but yes I hope we look
back into it now I think we're doing
okay with timing fingers crossed we
don't
back holiday traffic going into Paris
public or they it's
as well as in the UK and in America
itself
and I said let's upload it today so yeah
so we're just gonna keep going
how's evening
I wasn't too bad
it's a snake in the back
so fail I forgot to vlog for a long time
yeah you were saying could be bothered I
forgot he's a liar and Oaks and a fake
he doesn't even films our videos so we
all seen the pasty now otherwise it'd be
really weird who thinks he's really fun
and cool because he felt in control off
button don't forgot how to drive sir
we're currently eyes on a complete twats
on their way back to for France I'm
gonna dump the car which will be a sad
low and give it back no get it done
because no one's there mate
Oh security manager oh you can take your
passport good Africa I'm so yeah and
then we're gonna head off to which
station do you get it Oh God and then we
go back Ted are you okay so I could have
a couple his pizza good sleep it should
be good every diet starts tomorrow when
would you start a diet like four o'clock
yeah I stop my daughter 352 left Susan
classic season video blog video video
blog that's what I was trying to get to
um so yeah I was an update for you but I
filmed it and hopefully I'll still be
alive to film some more content for you
I'm terrified for my life
time to say goodbye yeah it's time to
say goodbye the Black Panther I have
realized that I really ever only called
it the Black Panther my video so it is a
Ford Fiesta ST because I hadn't said
before but yeah we're gonna leave it
here like I'm pretty beast it's got some
fly marks on it now it seems to be
looking pretty awesome there yeah so
we're gonna miss it it's been awesome
for this trip we have a huge thanks to
for France here wherever we are and
there's that side Paris somewhere for
hooking us up it's been an awesome card
to have with us for the trip we are now
gonna jump in a taxi head to the
Eurostar back to London and normal life
which just sucks ass we have now jumped
ahead not only by a lot of time but by
country I'm afraid I had a massive
vlogging the minute we got on the
year at start I fell asleep and we are
now back in the UK but my journey
continues I'm not even home yeah I've
got to come to a friend's house to pick
something up very quickly I'm gonna get
a pizza just because I am that fat right
now and start looking some videos and
editing it all up but I'm glad to be
back in the UK really sad to fat the
left
Monica mind it was an insane insane trip
and this let it all sink in really but I
hope you've enjoyed these kind of wacky
videos and I'll catch up with you all
very soon